Add an example in the "Note" section of "Bound methods in classes" on `this` page (#29694)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/this/index.md

```

> **Note:** Classes are always in strict mode. Calling methods with an undefined `this` will throw an error if the method tries to access properties on `this`.
>

> > ```js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```js example-bad
```

```

> **Note:** Classes are always in strict mode. Calling methods with an undefined `this` will throw an error if the method tries to access properties on `this`.
>
> ```js

> > class Dog {
> >   constructor() {
> >     this.name = "huahua";
> >   }
> >
> >   getName() {
> >     return this.name;
> >   }
> > }
> >
> > const dog = new Dog();
> > const getName = dog.getName;
> > console.log(getName()); // This will throw an error because the 'getName' method tries to access 'this.name', but 'this' is undefined in strict mode.

Reviewer: Let's not make note boxes too big. We can do this by reusing the same example above.

```suggestion
> const carSayHi = car.sayHi;
> carSayHi(); // TypeError because the 'sayHi' method tries to access 'this.name', but 'this' is undefined in strict mode.
```

Author: LGTM! Thanks!
